Cluedo project
Module: COMP41670 Software Engineering
Students:	Eoin O'Connell - 13335561
			Andrew Cullen - 13368691

The programme is fully functional. The user provides input from the command line and a board interface is 
displayed using ASCII characters on screen.

UnitTests are provided. Main contained in Cluedo class.

Diagrams included in Diagrams  folder.

A note on productivity and work division. We utilised Agile methods in our development of the programme. We split the 
workload and kept track using a scrum board, a picture of which is contained in the diagrams folder. This was made easier 
by utilising branching in Git which made merging our work simple.

Game function:
	First the players must choose their characters. There must be a minimum of two players, after that additional 
	players may or may not be added. Then when the game starts the first player willbe prompted to roll a dice and are presented 
	with the gameboard and the main menu. They can choose from the following options:
	Enter move mode:
		The user now has the amount of moves they are entitled to. They can move freely in a room without using a move but once 
		they are in the corridor they start expending moves. The user may not pass through walls or exit the gameboard. There is 
		also an unreachable region in the middle of the board. The user decides if they are moving up, down left or right and 
		each time they move the updated gameboard is printed to screen.
	Check your notebook:
		The notebook keeps a log of all the game actions for each player. The player chooses how many of the latest entries 
		they would like to display.
	Make a hypothesis:
		If the player is in a room they may make a hypothesis. The player chooses the murderer and the weapon and the room 
		depends on which one they are in. When the accusation is made the suspect pawn and weapon pawn are moved to the room 
		the hypothesis maker is in. Then the hand of each player is checked for the corresponding cards. If the cards are present 
		in other players hands the hypothesis is refuted. If not the hypothesis is not refuted. Either way an entry is added to 
		every players notebook.
	Make an accusation
		Similar to making a hypothesis except it can be made from anywhere including corridors. If the player is right, they win
		the game and the programme exits. If not he player is removed fromt he game and an entry is added to every players notebook. 
	Check Cards:
		Allows the player to check what cards they have in their hand.
	End your turn
		Ends this players turn and allows the next player to roll the dice and choose from the same main menu.